feat(changelog): jobs-added-cost-estimator-when-updating-resources 2024-10-01 (#3778)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2024/2024-10-01-jobs-added-cost-estimator-when-updating-resources.mdx

---

> title: Cost estimator when updating resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added cost estimator when updating resources
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-10-01
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> When changing VCPU and RAM of Serverless Jobs the pricing is now clearly displayed on the Console with old and new price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The console now has a new feature that provides a cost breakdown when updating the vCPU and RAM configurations for Serverless Jobs. The console now displays both the old and new pricing, enabling you to assess cost changes easily before applying resource updates.
```
